[charts] Add Legend actions (#20404)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/legend/legend.md

{{"demo": "BasicLegend.js"}}

## Toggle visibility

You can enable interactive visibility toggling by setting the `toggleVisibilityOnClick` prop to `true`.
When enabled, clicking on a legend item hides or shows the corresponding series or data item in the chart.

Hidden items are visually indicated in the legend with reduced opacity.

{{"demo": "ToggleSeriesVisibility.js"}}

### Visibility change callback

You can listen to visibility changes using the `onHiddenItemsChange` prop on the chart component.
This callback receives an array of hidden item identifiers whenever the visibility state changes.

The following demo shows a pie chart where you can toggle individual slices and see the count of visible slices update.

{{"demo": "VisibilityOnChange.js"}}

:::info
The `toggleVisibilityOnClick` prop can be combined with the `onItemClick` handler.

> When both are provided, the `onItemClick` callback is called first, followed by the visibility toggle.

Reviewer: I was initially a bit confused by this because `toggleVisibilityOnClick` isn't a callback, so I wasn't understand why we are saying `onItemClick` called before the visibility toggle. But it seems that what is meant is that `onItemClick` is called before `onHiddenItemsChange`, right? 

If so, I'd suggest something like this:

```suggestion
The `toggleVisibilityOnClick` prop can be combined with the `onItemClick` handler.
When both are in use, the `onItemClick` callback is called first, followed by `onHiddenItemsChange`.
```

:::

### Controlled visibility

You can control the visibility state externally using the `hiddenItems` prop.
This prop accepts an array of item identifiers that should be hidden in the chart.

Different chart types have different identifier formats:

- All identifiers require a `type` field indicating the series type (for example, `'line'`, `'bar'`, `'pie'`, etc.).

> - We export a `VisibilityIdentifier` type that can be used to build such identifiers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use `VisibilityIdentifier` type to build such identifiers.
```

> - For pie charts, the identifier also includes a `dataIndex` to specify individual slices.

Reviewer: Since there are so many different types, would it make sense to highlight that we export a `VisibilityIdentifier` type that can be used with the series type to get type safety (e.g., `VisibilityIdentifier<'pie'>`)?
